# T01 Rock am See - Festival 2025 (Web Technologies)

## Description
The Website is the online representation of the German summer music festival "Rock am See". It includes four pages, all of which can be accessed via the top navigation bar. In addition to fun facts, tips and some testimonials of past visiters of the festival, the site provides  a lineup of the bands that will be playing on the festival. On the tab "Helfer:innen" it is also possible to register as a volunteer for the festival. The "Impressum" tab presents all legal information about the site's owners.

## How to Start/Use the Website
Step 1: Download the Folder with all the HTML files and the CSS file, as well as the folder "Photos".
Step 2: If needed, unzip the folder.
Step 3: Open the folder in your file explorer and click on the file "home.html" (this should open the file in the Browser. If not, right click on the file and the "open with" > your browser.)
Step 4: Navigate through the Website via the navigation bar on the top and enjoy. 😊


## DummyJSON Login
The login was attempted with the credentials:
Username: emilys
Password: emilyspass
 
The resulting token: "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6MSwidXNlcm5hbWUiOiJlbWlseXMiLCJlbWFpbCI6ImVtaWx5LmpvaG5zb25AeC5kdW1teWpzb24uY29tIiwiZmlyc3ROYW1lIjoiRW1pbHkiLCJsYXN0TmFtZSI6IkpvaG5zb24iLCJnZW5kZXIiOiJmZW1hbGUiLCJpbWFnZSI6Imh0dHBzOi8vZHVtbXlqc29uLmNvbS9pY29uL2VtaWx5cy8xMjgiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDYwMTU0MDQsImV4cCI6MTc0NjAxOTAwNH0.Gflb43CGd3SYrqA9Xj3tBbNGJiOxHiwALzEGOiZDle4"

## Used tools
The logo was created with Canva AI
The text was generated by Chat GPT and own ideas.
The images were retrieved from https://www.pexels.com/ and https://pixabay.com/.

## Testing
The application was tested on
- Brave Browser
- Firefox
- Chrome
on different screen sizes.